NARRATOR:
All right,
it's a brand-new day, friends.
And our Jane has
a brand-new house.
And a brand-new relationship
with her baby daddy.
Now that I'm no longer
in love with you,
we've entered a new phase
of our relationship.
NARRATOR:
And speaking of changes,
her mom was considering
giving up singing
for a new career.
Oh, and Rafael's ex-wife,
Petra, changed too.
See, last year
she did something nice
and subsidized
Jane's new house.
Do they have any idea
I'm the owner?
They have no idea.
NARRATOR:
Since then, her sister, Anezka,
had paralyzed her
and taken her place.
No boys, sweetheart.
You need to stay focused.
NARRATOR:
But she couldn't
because she fell in love
with Scott, the manager
of the Marbella Lounge.
And Rafael's sister, Luisa,
had a change of heart
and said goodbye
to her great love, Rose.
Otherwise known as
the crime lord Sin Rostro.
And Derek?
He's dead.
He was on her list.
Along with your mom.
Wait, my mom's not dead.
NARRATOR:
I know, straight out of
a telenovela, right?
Well, imagine this.
Jane's father
was a telenovela star.
And he was intent
on raising his profile
in America.
And, oh, yeah,
one last big change,
our Jane was no longer
a virgin.
Whoo!
NARRATOR: So yeah,
things are different
all right.
Over the years,
there have been a few times
when Jane almost left the nest.
She almost left for love...
( in Spanish ):
This is a terrible idea--
Shh!
NARRATOR:
Her mother's, but still...
Janie, you're gonna
love it.
He has his own pool,
and you'll have
your own bathroom.
( in Spanish ):
I told you it wouldn't
work out--
Abuela, come on,
she's sad.
NARRATOR:
She almost left
because of anger.
ALBA ( in Spanish ):
I have rules, and if you don't
follow those rules--
XIOMARA:
What, you'll kick me out?
ALBA:
Yes. Maybe I will.
Do it and I'll
take Jane with me!
( suspenseful theme playing )
( tender theme playing )
NARRATOR:
She almost left for school.
Bye!
( in Spanish ):
Don't drink anything
a boy buys you;
they put drugs in them!
Ma!
Yes, all right, I promise.
( squeals ):
Bye!
I couldn't sign
the housing contract.
We live 20 minutes away,
I'd save so much money.
NARRATOR:
Until one day,
she left for real.
So cute.
I hope they get the house
done on time.
( in Spanish ):
I'm sure they will.
NARRATOR:
And I'm not gonna lie.
It felt...
different.
I should go.
I'll never hear the end of it
from Mrs. Cohen if I'm late.
Good luck
with the job search--
Excited to dive in,
find myself a career.
Ah. Just go slow,
take your time.
Look.
Here.
Make lists.
Things you like,
things you're looking for--
Mm?
Is this from
the Marbella gift shop?
They were having a sale.
And you missed Jane.
( sighs )
( tender theme playing )
It's okay.
I miss her too.
We'll get used to it.
( in English ):
Well...
JANE:
Yup.
Called it.
First two RSVPs,
Mom and Abuela.
NARRATOR:
Oh, good, there's Jane!
I was missing her too.
Okay, don't hate me.
I think the wall
wants to be a shade lighter
Oh, my God, yes, I was thinking
the same thing too,
but I didn't want
to say anything.
No, we want it to be
perfect.
Let's repaint
this afternoon.
Eggshell...
...or matte?
Eggshell.
And can I just say...
You sound so sexy
when you talk home decor.
Oh, yeah?
Mm-hmm.
'Cause I was thinking
about a mirror...
( softly ): Stop it.
...in the entryway.
Keep talking.
A bowl of lemons...
Uh-huh.
( moans )
...on the table
for a pop of color.
Just take off your pants
right now.
They're coming off.
Oh, shoot, my dad's
gonna be here soon!
So no?
So hurry!
( Jane moaning )
NARRATOR:
Yup.
Things are different,
all right.
JANE:
I'm coming, I'm coming!
( gasps ):
Hey, Dad.
Mateo should be up
from his nap.
And I am gonna go change
'cause I'm running late.
No, wait, wait, wait!
Guess who I have
a very special
meeting with tomorrow.
( dramatic theme playing )
Amanda from
my writers' group?
But more importantly,
Amanda the author of...
It's being made into
a Hallmark Christmas movie.
You could be looking at
Logan McMurray, widowed,
devastatingly handsome baker!
Just don't wear those overalls.
Of course not, mine would be
much more fitted.
Anyway, this could be
the perfect role
to raise my American profile.
And hopefully, at the end
of our meeting, heh,
Amanda will agree, heh.
Dad...
you're not planning on
sleeping with her
to get the part,
are you?
No, heh,
of course not.
I wouldn't do that.
Again.
Good, just making sure.
NARRATOR:
And speaking of sexy times...
( upbeat theme playing )
Oh, oh, God, look,
Petra, babe, I got to go.
NARRATOR:
To remind you,
that was not Petra.
I just can't help myself,
you're just so...
handsome.
NARRATOR: Obviously.
( both moaning )
You'll recall
we left these two
considering blackmail.
I've got dirt on everyone
at the Marbella.
Including...
good stuff on Rafael.
So...
let's take him down
together, baby.
Mm.
Mm. But listen...
first...
we've got to turn
this hotel around.
'Cause money's tied up in it,
and it's a ghost town.
NARRATOR:
Which brings us here, now.
Okay,
just be prepared--
the staff isn't going
to like it.
Oh, don't worry.
Last week,
I threatened to cancel
Jane's mom's gig
unless she publicly backed
the Flamingo Initiative.
NARRATOR:
What the hell is
the Flamingo Initiative?
So, guys, we're damn near sold
out for our first theme night--
Flamingo Friday.
Ladies...your outfits.
WOMEN:
Ugh...
WOMAN:
What?
Oh, wow. How fun.
Super fun. Exactly.
Thank you, Jane.
Guys, we're just going
no shirts, pink bowties.
Just really classic sexy.
On to other orders
of business.
We're phasing out bussers
in the afternoon,
so shifts are gonna be
45 minutes longer.
Wait,
what?
Don't gripe. It's economical.
You'll make more bank.
No, we won't. Because
service will be terrible.
Well, it's happening.
Deal with it.
This is ridiculous.
You need to talk
to your baby daddy.
Lina, his mother just died.
Fine. Your sister wife.
You need to,
'cause her creepy boy toy's
out of control.
( sighs )
Sorry, Scott's the boss
of the lounge.
Take it up with him,
not me.
Petra, come on.
Can't we talk about it?
No.
Look, I-I know things
have been complicated
between us.
Because of
what I said...
you know,
when we fought...
before the wedding.
NARRATOR:
A reminder: Anezka has no idea
what she's talking about.
Yes. Exactly.
And I get that.
I-I do. I mean,
it was awful of me
to imply that I think that
I'm a better person than you.
Even just hearing it
again is a shock.
Yeah, but you remember
what was going on.
NARRATOR: Not a clue.
Of course.
And I don't want
to rehash it.
So let's just steer clear
of each other.
What?
Do I have to be explicit, Jane?
I don't like you.
I never have liked you.
Our babies share a father.
That's it.
Okay, you know what?
Fine with me.
I'm done trying with you.
You're...toxic.
DENNIS:
Poison.
Most likely administered
transdermally.
( camera shutter clicking )
Could've been someone who
bumped into your mother...
Got it.
I appreciate the update.
Anything come to mind
at all,
why she would leave you
that Bible?
No idea.
My mother wasn't religious.
She was a homicidal maniac.
I'm sorry,
I just want to put
this whole thing
behind me.
I didn't know her.
I had no relationship with her.
And it's painful,
frankly.
NARRATOR:
You'll recall
Luisa recently returned
from a submarine
with another homicidal maniac.
It's actually not
painful.
I'm fine, okay?
Okay.
MICHAEL:
Okay...
what do you think?
I think it's perfect.
I love our house.
MICHAEL: Me too.
NARRATOR:
Me three!
What about you, Mateo?
Hmm?
You excited
to grow up here?
Listen to stories
in that room...
Come in late, after curfew,
through that door...
( laughs ):
Hey!
MAN:
Okay, you guys are gonna feel
right at home here.
Excuse me, what are you doing
barging into our house?
Yeah, this definitely
isn't your house.
( dramatic theme playing )
Who the hell are you people?
Uh!
Okay, do not swear
in front of my baby!
Now, what the hell is going on?
I manage this property.
And we rent this property.
Then how come I have no idea
who you are?
We put off moving here
because my husband
was in the hospital.
MAN: Ahem. If the place isn't
for rent, should we...?
No, it is for rent.
Come on in. Come on in.
Have a look around.
As you can see,
it's freshly painted.
JANE:
No, do not look around.
And that fresh paint is ours!
Okay, look, there's
obviously been a mix-up.
We signed a lease.
This is our realtor.
( laughing ):
Yeah. I know this guy.
Reps a couple of deadbeats
who stopped paying last month.
Oh, that's you guys.
We are not deadbeats.
I personally pay
a thousand dollars a month.
Well, first of all,
rent is 2,000 bucks.
What? That's not what
he told us.
Okay.
Please, just give us
a couple days
to figure this out,
okay?
You know
where we live, heh.
Heh.
So until recently,
someone has been covering
half our rent
but keeping it a secret?
Who would do that?
Nah, it wasn't me.
He says it wasn't him.
So who would...
Nope, not me.
But if you need me to--
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Amanda's coming.
Good luck.
Tell her I said hi.
No offense, but
you're not really a value-add.
( sighs )
Amanda.
( whispers ):
Wow!
How fun it's been
catching up
and hearing all about
your jet-set life...
But you want to talk
about the movie.
Well, I'm here,
which means that
you're in the running.
Well, in that case,
how do I get to
the finish line?
That's your daughter's
boyfriend, right?
Huh?
( laughs )
ROGELIO: Oh.
Rafael? Ex.
He's a real cutie.
Is he?
Huh. Anyway, back to
Sprinkled With Love.
The way I see it,
the cookie is a metaphor--
I have a charity event
in Coral Gables.
Nothing would give me
more pleasure
than to have
a gorgeous man on my arm.
I wanted to ask you--
I'm in.
--but now
I'm thinking Rafael.
Excuse me?
It would make me
very happy.
And those vicious
charity bitches
very jealous.
NARRATOR:
Tough choice.
On the one hand, he's just been
insulted to his core.
On the other hand...
( dings )
Of course.
I'd like nothing more
than to set you up with my...
gorgeous friend.
( dramatic theme playing )
( elevator doors close )
It is true.
You are extremely handsome.
I never noticed before.
Can I help you
with something?
Swoon-worthy looks
and endlessly generous.
You are a prince among men,
Rafael Solano,
which is one of many reasons
I consider you to be
a very good friend.
What do you want,
Rogelio?
The woman
I was eating lunch with
will decide
my American fate.
Either she will cast me as
a stoic, sexy baker,
or I will wallow away
in obscurity.
And all she requires
is a date with you, heh.
Are you trying
to pimp me out?
Absolutely not!
No sex required.
Though if the spirit
moves you...
( chuckles )
The answer's no.
( elevator doors open )
JANE:
Still no word from
the realtor?
( sighs ):
Well, keep trying. I gotta go
before I drop
these stupid flamingos.
( suspenseful theme playing )
Abuela?
NARRATOR:
Ooh! I love the Marbella
Gift Shop.
Sorry,
World's Worst Boss
is demanding
that we stock the new
flamingo merch ASAP,
and prominently.
Take me home, Alba.
I don't pay you
to visit your granddaughter.
NARRATOR:
Looks like Jane may not have
the world's worst boss
after all.
JORGE:
You have to hear this.
Magical. Clearest ocean sound
you ever heard.
Come on.
( tranquil theme playing )
What are you doing
here?
( in Spanish ):
I wanted to pick up
some dolphin candle holders.
And I missed you.
Aw. I miss you too,
so, so much.
Oh...
I wish I didn't have
to go back to work.
Don't worry, go, go--
Mwah.
JORGE ( in Spanish ):
I gave you the frequent
customer discount,
even though you moved
out of the hotel.
Gracias.
So how is it
being back home?
Home is...
...wonderful.
I got a job!
( in Spanish ):
What happened to taking
your time?
No, listen!
I'm a teller at
Sunrise Mutual West Miami!
I get a 401(k),
regular 40 hours a week,
and a parking space that says
"Reserved for bank employee."
Which will be great
once I can afford
to get a car!
I'll have to switch
my dance class to weekends,
but that's okay, and...
( gasps )
...look.
New outfits.
ALBA: Xiomara,
you're going to hate
working in a bank.
Abuela.  Be supportive.
( exhales )
XIOMARA:
I'm not looking for passion.
I'm still singing on weekends.
Good. I was just making sure
you set expectations.
Yay!
My daughter the banker!
I'm so proud of you.
LINA:
Whoa, slow down.
I forgot to give you
the list of demands to sign.
List of demands?
"From servers to management,
or else we walk."
A walkout?
Scott is a dictator.
A revolution is afoot.
Conditions are untenable.
Come on.
If you don't sign,
I learned the word
"untenable" for nothing.
We're all in
the same boat, right?
Yeah.
Okay, I'll sign, but I'm gonna
give Rafael a heads up.
See? Right there, where I wrote
"hereby and heretofore."
( quietly ):
That's right.
Oh, my God.
The realtor.
I've been trying to reach
this guy, but he hasn't been
returning my calls.
Need to talk to Petra Solano,
where do I find her?
Excuse me.
Jason Tartuffe?
Oops. Wrong hotel,
never mind.
No, stop. I heard you asking
for Petra Solano!
Stop! I'm the wife of a cop,
and I will arrest you!
Is that a real thing?
NARRATOR: Definitely not.
Oh, it's a real thing.
Now, answer the question.
Why are you looking for Petra?
Look, she paid me
to keep quiet,
but she's the one
who's paying half your rent.
What?
Or she was.
I'm out several months
in commissions.
She won't return
my phone calls.
It was...
Petra?
I just found out
what you did for Michael
and me, with the house.
NARRATOR:
Again, I'll remind you
that Anezka
has no idea
what she's talking about.
Oh. Well...you're welcome.
A-A gift like that...
No, it was just
a little something...
A house isn't exactly
a little something!
Well, by my standards,
it's a very small house.
But yes, you caught me,
I bought you the house.
Well, you mean rented.
It's the same word
in Czech.
Oh.
Anyway, let's not
make a big deal of it,
I was making a gesture,
and you're...
very welcome.
Got it.
You know... A-and this
is awkward, uh...
but why did you
suddenly stop the payments?
That terrible fight.
When you called me a bad person.
I was-- I was so angry.
And then I meant
to start paying again,
but Anezka fell ill--
Well, look.
Michael and I obviously
can't let you pay for it.
But the gesture was so...
kind, heh.
Come over to the new house
for dinner. Oh...
You wouldn't have done it
if you didn't care, deep down.
Doesn't makes sense.
NARRATOR:
And so what could she say,
but...
Of course.
Scott and I would be happy
to come for dinner.
NARRATOR:
And what could she say but...
Right. Scott too!
Great!
Can't wait!
( mellow theme playing )
Hey.
Are the girls asleep?
You can go, then.
( beeping )
MAN: Hello, Anezka.
( shrieks )
We need to talk.
Who are you?
Your mommy's friend
from the inside.
Out on good behavior,
but don't let that fool you.
I'm here to relay a message
from her.
You guys had a plan.
Finish it.
But now's not a good time
to sell my shares at the hotel.
Like, they'll be worth more
if we build it up,
wait a bit, uh...
Flamingo Friday--
I don't give a rat's ass!
You've got 72 hours to sell
and get her a good lawyer,
or else I make sure
everybody knows exactly
who you are.
Got it?
MICHAEL:
Petra?
She and the vest guy
are gonna be
our first and last
dinner guests?
Come on, it was
so nice of her.
And...
maybe they won't be
our last dinner guests.
I mean, I've been thinking.
If we cut corners
here and there,
maybe we can stay.
That's your filing system?
Well, this and
the other box, yeah.
First things first.
Fixed expenses:
rent, food, gas, internet.
My student loans.
I thought you paid it off.
One. I found out the other
has another two years.
NARRATOR: Found out?
All right.
So let's list
all other expenses,
and then
we'll start cutting.
No way, I need
my NBA sports package.
You don't need it.
Have you ever heard
of a library?
I like to underline things.
Okay, fine.
( pained ):
No more buying books.
$170 for
Mateo's Toddler Gym?
I'm assuming that comes
with illicit baby steroids.
Yeah. Rafael pays for
so much Mateo stuff.
I have to cover something.
Spotify or Pandora?
One movie a month?
Lost it.
Cut it.
Done. And with
this new budget, we are...
( hits a key,
cash register sound )
...still $280 short
per month.
( crickets chirping outside )
We'll sleep on it.
( Michael sighs )
I think we should
go to my dad.
$280 a month
is not a huge ask...
Really?
It'll be a loan.
We'll absolutely pay him back.
I love this place.
Let's do it.
While we're on the topic
of doing it...
NARRATOR:
Aw, you can't put a price
on that kind of happiness.
I need to withdraw
$5 million.
Can you help me with that?
Sure. I'd be happy to.
CUSTOMER:
I'm buying a yacht.
And, uh...I would love
to take you on it.
( chuckles )
NARRATOR: So yeah.
Obviously, that didn't happen.
Thirty...
( sighs )
Thirty-five...
Forty. These bills
are sticking together!
You asked for crisp,
new ones, so--
Because they're for my
grandson's birthday!
You need to fan 'em out
first.
Yeah, okay.
Well, next time.
( groans )
You forgot to say
"Thank you for choosing
Sunrise Mutual West Miami
for your financial needs."
And that's pretty important.
Got it.
Like, okay.
You're saying "got it."
But you said that
last time.
And then you forgot again.
Well, this time
I really...got it.
Mm.
NARRATOR:
Yeah. Someone made
a big mistake.
ANEZKA:
I'd like to sell
my share of the hotel.
What?
And I... I know
it seems sudden.
Yeah. Of course it's sudden.
You've been driving up
all these big changes,
and now you wanna sell? Why?
Because of Scott, actually.
It's not good for our
relationship for me to be
working so closely with you.
I am not interested--
Yes, I know.
You made that very clear.
Nevertheless, there is...
a lot of baggage here.
And we'd like to make
a fresh start.
You know,
you need permission
from me and Luisa to sell.
Yes. I know.
And if you don't give it
to me...
NARRATOR:
She'll blackmail you
with all of Scott's dirt!
First, let me see if I can put
money together to buy you out.
Oh.
Yeah, that-that would work.
RAFAEL:
And then she told me
I had 48 hours,
which is crazy.
I think there's
something going on.
NARRATOR:
Yes! Finally!
Like what?
RAFAEL: She's not herself.
NARRATOR:
Warmer.
I think Scott's
blackmailing her.
NARRATOR:
Are you serious?
Well, it happened with Milos.
NARRATOR:
Colder! Colder!
I mean, I'm having dinner
with them tonight.
I'll suss out the vibe.
NARRATOR:
Yeah, whatever.
I'm not gonna
get my hopes up.
Oh, before I go...
From my dad.
( dramatic theme playing )
JANE:
It was so awkward.
But I couldn't say no
to my dad.
Oh, yeah, I hear you.
Cost of doing business.
I had to meet him for
a guilt mani-pedi today.
I'm sorry,
I can't watch this.
( laughs ):
Show off.
Michael!
We agreed, no more
venti lattes.
Okay, I was in a hurry.
The drive-thru was right there.
The budget only works
if we both stick to it.
Oh, yeah? That doesn't look
like two-buck Chuck.
That's different,
it's for Petra,
who did a really nice
thing for us.
Besides, it comes out of
the entertainment budget.
We'll just...not see
a movie this month.
Fine. Then I'd like
my non-movie
to count towards
my coffee.
You can't do that.
Your latte is not
entertainment.
That's not true.
I had a good time...
( doorbell rings )
...okay?
Better than I'm gonna have
at this weird dinner party.
NARRATOR:
Which brings us here, now,
to the:
Is that dressing
gluten-free?
I'll check.
Thanks.
Oh, no red for me.
I get heartburn.
Do you have any white?
Yeah.
Babe, be reasonable.
Now is not
a good time to sell.
I just want out.
Flamingo Friday's booked solid.
We're turning
the hotel around.
The staff is planning
a walkout.
No gluten. Yay!
( phone chimes )
( dramatic theme playing )
ALBA (in Spanish ):
Welcome home, Xiomara!
I prepared dinner...
to celebrate
your first day.
I'm so proud of you!
How was it?
It was so great.
It's just the door
on your left.
Let's make a deal.
Before you go
to the bathroom?
Petra told me about
your financial predicament.
That extra grand a month
you need?
What if the hotel
covered the discrepancy?
We'll make it
an official position--
Social Ambassador--
and all you have to do
is get the rest of the staff
to show up
for Flamingo Friday and
support our other initiatives.
You're offering me money
to sell out my friends.
Oh, get off
your pedestal, Jane.
Everyone's for sale.
Well, I'm not.
Your loss.
( suspenseful theme playing )
I'm sorry,
I just have to ask.
You and Scott,
is it...
a Milos situation?
NARRATOR:
To be clear, Anezka did know
all about Milos.
You think I'm with Scott
because he's blackmailing me?
No, I just meant, um...
NARRATOR:
I got nothing.
That's exactly what she meant.
This is why I don't want
to spend any time with you.
This is why
I want out of here,
this judgment!
No.
SCOTT: What's going on, babe?
We're leaving,
that's what's going on.
Right now!
( sighs )
I feel terrible.
I have to find some way
to make it up to her.
Or not.
I mean, she's clearly
trying to distance herself.
But she's family.
Family's overrated.
They just ask you
to do things,
like go to weird
charity events
so their dad can be
in sexy baker movies.
NARRATOR:
Ah, yes, that old chestnut.
Did I thank you profusely?
You did.
JANE:
Okay, I have to get back
to my shift.
And you're sure you're okay
with the walkout?
Are you kidding? I hate
this whole flamingo thing.
( doorbell rings )
I'll talk to you later.
I've been looking
for you.
I was hoping
we could talk?
I told you,
I am fine.
No, um...
I'm not.
I'm sorry,
I just... I came from
the police station,
and talking
about Rose again
and what happened,
and going over the details,
I'm feeling
a little unhinged.
Like I got...
Like, I need to drink.
Um, so I just thought,
that, um, it was better
that I wasn't alone.
Oh. Okay. Yeah.
Um, I just have
this charity thing later.
I could come.
( dramatic theme playing )
Hey!
Ma, you scared
the crap out of me.
Wait, why aren't you
at work?
I quit. I had to.
It was so depressing.
Please,
don't tell Abuela.
She was so proud of me.
She's gonna find out
eventually.
No, I worked it out.
I find a new job, and then
I tell her I was so good
I got poached.
Well, start your
job hunt somewhere else.
I gotta go. The wait staff
is meeting downstairs
before the big walkout.
Okay. Good luck.
Power to the people.
( chuckles )
( suspenseful theme playing )
( in Spanish ):
Xiomara? What are you doing?
Oh, hi, Ma.
Thought I dropped
an earring back here.
ALBA:
You have two on--
The other day.
Anyway, it's not there.
I should go, uh, I've got
about 10 minutes of break left.
I can give you a ride.
Um, okay.
Thanks.
Just drop me outside.
(in English ):
Yeah.
XIOMARA:
Ma, there's nothing
really exciting in here.
( in Spanish ):
Don't be silly, I'm thrilled
to see where you work.
But Mrs. Cohen
looks tired.
Eh, I need cash.
Go on,
pretend I'm not here!
Hey...
buzz me in,
all right?
I forgot my phone
in the break room.
I... I'm sorry,
but you're no longer
an employee.
Come on, Caitlyn,
do me a solid.
Security?
I bought you
a venti latte!
Ma'am? I'm gonna have
to ask you to leave.
Xiomara?
I quit, Ma! Okay?
I quit.
JANE:
What's wrong?
So I made some calls today,
trying to save some money.
Got us a family plan
for the cell phones,
better rates
on car insurance.
That's great.
I also called
Mateo's gym class.
Yeah, I was a little
surprised when they told me
the monthly fees were
already covered by Rafael.
I thought there must be
some kind of mistake.
My wife would
never lie to me
about
something like that.
I'm sorry.
I padded the budget.
You know, just in case
we need money for an emergency.
Look, I grew up
always worried about money.
So tell me. Don't hide it
from me like I'm a child.
You have a shoebox for
your files.
Okay to be clear,
I'm the one with a stable
government job and a 401(k).
I've been paying my own way
on my own for a decade.
Until last week, you've
been living with your family.
To avoid debt
while in school.
Which your dad pays for!
( cell phone chiming )
NARRATOR:
This is going downhill fast.
Look, I have been
financially responsible
my entire life.
You know that I helped
support my family.
( cell phone continues
chiming )
( suspenseful theme playing )
NARRATOR:
She does need the money.
I have to go back to work.
Can you...
Stay with Mateo?
Yeah. See ya.
( dramatic theme playing )
So what changed
with the staff?
Just didn't make sense.
What if we all got fired?
We need the money.
It's not like we do
this job for fun.
( clears throat )
At ease.
So you decided
to show up.
Yes. And look...
I am sorry
about last night.
Oh, you mean when you suggested
that my girlfriend
was only with me because
I was blackmailing her?
Look, I didn't mean...
NARRATOR:
Yeah, still got nothing.
You meant it.
How would you like it
if I tried
to ruin one
of your relationships?
Lina, you cash
that check yet?
Oops, I'm sorry.
Did I just ruin one?
You took Scott's bribe?
It's an extra $1000
a month.
I know. I turned it down
because of all that crap
you gave me about
whose side I was on.
Jane...
I don't even
wanna hear it.
Oh, the pink, I love it.
So classy.
Thank you again
for going with Amanda.
Yeah, well, thank you too,
for babysitting.
It's my pleasure.
We're going to have fun.
Just so you know,
the word "babysit" is
a trigger for me.
I-- I had my first drink
with a babysitter.
I know a lot about
addiction.
Really?
Are you in AA?
No.
I am in S.A.G.
Otherwise known as
Screen Actors Guild.
And I once played an
alcoholic flight attendant
in the telenovela
Addicted To Love.
Would you like to see it?
XIOMARA:
I recorded your novela.
Gracias.
( tender theme playing )
( sighs )
( in Spanish ):
So why did you lie?
You were so proud of me
and so into the idea
of me as a banker.
I was just trying
to be supportive.
( sighs )
Like Jane.
Jane thought the bank
was a horrible idea.
Really?
Why didn't you just
tell me how you feel?
( sighs )
I don't know.
Try harder.
I just like where we got to.
Since Jane. We don't fight
like we used to.
I don't want
to go backwards...
Ma...
there's no way
we're going back.
I'm not 17 anymore.
I know I need
your opinions,
so I don't make dumbass moves
like moving my whole dance class
schedule to become
a bank teller.
( chuckles )
You guys got this.
( sighs )
Just take your time.
Look around.
I don't want you to end up
stuck in a job you hate.
XIOMARA:
Good advice.
And Ma...
Hmm?
...you do have
your green card now.
If you hate your job so much,
you could make a change.
ROGELIO:
But it was too late.
They had found each other.
( in Spanish ):
...bitch!
( gasps )
( women shouting )
( both shouting )
( in Spanish ):
Ladies, please stop!
Classic catfight.
Every telenovela has one.
Hm.
And then we all make love.
( man speaks in Spanish )
Is this helping at all?
( sighs )
No.
If anything,
seeing you chug
that tiny bottle of vodka
when you realized that
it was Pilar that hit
the attendant call button
just makes me
want to drink more.
Okay, I get it.
Well, in that case,
we have to get
to the root
of those feelings.
Did you study psychology?
You could say that.
What school of thought?
Meisner.
( lighthearted theme playing )
I've never heard of him.
Where does he practice?
In the heart
of such performers
as Sandra Bullock, Tom Cruise,
and James Franco.
All of whom have
used his techniques
to get underneath
emotions.
I'll say a phrase,
let's say,
"You're an alcoholic,"
and then you'll
repeat it, but with "I".
"I'm an alcoholic."
I'm an alcoholic.
You're an alcoholic.
One more, yes, please.
Actually, I really
should be turning in.
Oh, no.
Oh, it's only 9:00.
I hardly got to talk to you
at the event.
Yeah.
Why are you playing so
hard to get?
I'm not.
Though, that's exactly
what you'd say if you were.
LUISA:
I don't like this.
You don't like this.
I'm not good at this.
You're not good at this.
I'm not good...
I'm not good.
That's it. Keep going.
Find your character.
I'm a terrible sister
and that's why
I wanna drink,
so that I don't feel this.
Why are you terrible?
Because all I do
is cause Rafael pain.
( whispering ):
And I think my ex-lover
killed his mother.
I've been there.
In real life.
My telenovela was ripped
from the headlines.
Go on.
I just feel
so bad, you know?
My brother
doesn't deserve this.
No matter how many times
I've failed him,
he's always been there
for me.
And then now
that he has no family,
I still can't pull it together
and be there for him.
Rafael does have
a family...
the Villanueva family.
As for you...
Ricardo said it best
when he was about to join
the mile-high club with Pilar
during heavy turbulence.
"Put on your own oxygen mask
before assisting others."
( tender theme playing )
She's asleep.
And we've decided
she's going to rehab.
Preventative.
Really?
And may I just say...
you're a good, good man,
Rafael Solano.
And I'm sorry I didn't
realize that earlier.
It's okay.
But I do think
I should tell you...
I don't think
you're gonna get that part.
It doesn't matter.
You're more important.
Come.
Let's get a drink.
We can, you know,
because we are
not alcoholics,
thank God.
Another blessing
we share,
besides our great looks.
( chuckles )
NARRATOR:
Ah, birds of a feather...
which brings us here...
now...
to the flamingo fandango!
Look at you two,
all buddy-buddy.
Why did you never tell me
what a wonderful man Rafael is?
NARRATOR:
And maybe it was the sight
of her daddy and baby daddy
getting along,
or the fact that she was
fighting
with her best friend
and her husband...
but when Jane saw Petra...
well...
she was determined
to make things right.
( dramatic theme playing )
Hey.
Did you sell the hotel?
I'm working on it.
But, uh,
it's not enough time.
It has to be.
It's not!
Just tell my mother, I...
it-it's happening, okay?
I-I-I got her a lawyer. I...
Okay, I-I know
this is a lot to ask...
Just leave me alone!
( yelps )
( gasps )
( shouts )
NARRATOR:
Wow!
Straight out of a telenovela.
So, yeah,
that obviously didn't happen.
Oh, sorry, my bad.
It actually did.
That's it!
We're out of each other's
lives...for good!
( somber theme playing )
So, thank you...
for having my back.
Always. You know that.
Okay, about the money.
Things are
different now.
It's not the same
as when we were kids.
I mean, you have a rich dad,
and a rich baby daddy
to fall back on,
and I-I don't have that.
Yeah.
That's true.
Michael reminded me
of that.
I guess it's just
all so new, I-I forget.
I think we should move
into a smaller place.
I grew up stressed
about money.
And living above our means
is stressing us out now.
And I don't want that...
for us or Mateo.
I was thinking
the same thing.
Not about childhood,
but about Spotify
and lattes, and...
( chuckles )
I just want us to
be able to have fun.
Exactly, me too.
We'll move into
a one bedroom.
We only have Mateo
half the time.
Perfect.
We'll just move back
to a bigger place
when we can afford it.
NARRATOR:
And friends,
they really believed
that would happen...
but we're not there yet.
We're here.
So...this isn't
a housewarming anymore.
It's a good-bye party.
ALL:
Salud!
( chuckles )
Oh!
Ah.
( in Spanish ):
For the next new place.
I bought them
with my employee discount.
Huh?
What?
You are looking at
the newest member of
the Seashells
gift shop team!
No way.
That's perfect for you.
Oh, Ma. You really do
love that little store.
Mm-hmm.
So...I didn't get the part.
That's the way
the cookie crumbled.
I'm sorry, Rogelio.
I know you
really wanted it.
So, uh, so, what's next
on the 87-point plan for, uh...
American superstardom?
I'm glad you asked.
My new friend, Rafael,
got me a meeting with
his friend,
an independent film
producer.
Oh.
Come on, Michael.
Don't be jealous.
I can be friends
with both of you.
Oh, I'm... I'm not jealous.
Rafael and I, we're cool.
Sorry, excuse me.
Come on.
Don't shut me out.
Hey, hey, looking good,
my friend.
Ah, we miss you down
at the station.
( sighs ):
Eager to get back.
Two weeks
until my physical.
So... Rafael told me
Luisa left for rehab.
Yeah, this morning.
We've got eyes on her.
If she contacts Rose,
we'll know.
Good. Anything new
in the Bible?
DENNIS:
They combed through it
page by page.
Four underlined words
from four different passages.
"Angels...
guard...the sun."
NARRATOR:
What the hell does that mean?
"Sun," as in:
or as in her son?
Look, realistically,
I need more time.
Well, you don't have
more time.
I'll find another buyer,
Milos perhaps.
You can't sell your shares
without my permission.
Then give me permission.
And...your shares too,
while you're at it.
What?
Or I'll send you to jail.
What are you talking about?
You had a deal with
the police.
You confessed
to insider trading.
They dropped the charges
with the assumption
that you had no other
illegal dealings, right?
However,
when your father died,
his finances were a mess,
weren't they?
An illegal mess,
in fact.
You covered it up.
( suspenseful theme playing )
How did you--?
Scott befriended
the accountant's assistant.
Never overlook
the little guy.
Look, I was protecting
my father's legacy.
Which was a big mistake.
And I will tell the cops,
unless you sign your shares
over to me.
You have 24 hours.
Don't test me.
( suspenseful theme playing )
( shrieks ):
Oh, you-you startled me.
NARRATOR:
And friends, in that moment,
Jane, well,
she had a revelation.
Ugh, I still can't believe
they're together.
Look, I-I know things have been
complicated between us.
A house isn't exactly
a little something.
Hi.
( shrieks, tray clatters )
( suspenseful theme
intensifies )
You okay?
NARRATOR:
And all I can say is...
This might sound crazy,
but...
I don't think that's Petra.
NARRATOR:
It's about damn time.
( dramatic theme playing )